---
title: 'Awaken and Realize the Oneness'
date: 2024-04-29
permalink: /posts/2024/04/awaken/
tags:
  - Spiritual
  - Soul
  - Inner Peace
---

I pose a question to you, "Who are you?" Take a moment, don't rush, to ponder this question and formulate an answer. So, have you found one? 

Perhaps you might respond, "I am a person named XYZ, working at a company or running a business," and many more such thoughts may have crossed your mind when presented with this question. You have a multitude of responses to this inquiry, but I urge you to pause and contemplate. Consider the very essence of all these responses that flooded your mind. If you reflect carefully, you'll notice that they all revolve around your physical existence and the myriad experiences you've gathered thus far. 

Imagine the day when your physical existence comes to an end, the moment your life transcends the physical realm. At that juncture, I pose the same question, "Who are you?" What would your answer be then? Now that your physical existence and all that you have accumulated hold no significance, how would you respond to the question, "Who are you?" By now, you might have begun to realize the distinction between your true essence and your physical nature, as well as all that you have gathered. Let us embark on an exploration of "Who you are."

“You are an immortal source of energy, manifesting into physical existence through your body from the day you were born.” As time has passed, you've absorbed many elements into your physical being — water, wind, fire, space, and soil. These elements, known as Pancha Tatvas, are the very essence of any physical form in the universe. Today, what you identify as “you” essentially comprises of these Pancha Tatvas. When your immortal energy transcends the body, these elements will return to their origins on Earth (The Bhu Loka), becoming part of another immortal energy source. Observe closely and with care, that if you identify solely with your physical existence and the possessions you have gathered, you will find yourself in a state of perpetual discontent. Misrecognizing yourself in this way will draw you into countless battles with those around you. You will struggle in every aspect of life, engaging in unnecessary competitions to prove your superiority, ultimately succumbing to an insatiable ego. This path leads not only to your own suffering but also to the suffering of those around you. By now, I hope you recognize that you are an immortal source of energy inhabiting a physical body. Similarly, the people around you, as well as the plants and animals surrounding you, are all immortal energy sources, just like you. But have you ever wondered where all these energy sources emerged from? What is the purpose behind their existence in physical form? What drives them? What is their ultimate goal? And, perhaps most importantly, how are all these energies interconnected? 

Let us delve into these questions with utmost awareness. You, as an energy source, are no different from any other energy source around you, whether it be in the form of a person, animal, or plant. Your journey into this physical existence, into this body, is the only means by which you can connect with the supreme divine energy source, "The Creator". It is only through this physical form that you can elevate yourself to unite with the Creator's energy. Essentially, all energies, including yourself and everyone around you, are interconnected and one with each other, ultimately merging with the Creator. It's just that, until now, you haven't realized it. But once you do, all your sorrows, miseries, troubles, and pain will dissolve. You will see everyone as a part of yourself, and everyone will reside within you. When this miracle occurs, you will become one with the supreme Creator, uniting with the ultimate source of energy. We are all interconnected, intertwined with each other. In the tapestry of existence, we are all threads woven together, interconnected and inseparable. Let's set aside divisions based on possessions or differences. Instead, let's unite and discover our true nature, recognizing the presence of the supreme Creator within each of us. It's time to Awaken and Realize the Oneness.

Always Stay Happy and Stay Blessed :)

For more info on article [Read on blogger.com](https://awaken2realize.blogspot.com/2024/04/awaken-and-realize-oneness.html)